Add airbyte-ci command: migrate-to-manifest-only (#42576)
airbytehq/airbyte: airbyte-ci/connectors/pipelines/README.md

E.G.: running Poe tasks on the modified internal packages of the current branch:
`airbyte-ci test --modified`

### <a id="migrate-to-manifest-only-command"></a>`migrate-to-manifest-only` command

> This command migrates valid connectors to the `manifest-only` format. It contains three steps:
> 
> 1. Check -> Validates whether a connector is a candidate for the migration. If not, the operation will be skipped.
> 2. Strip -> Strips out all unneccessary files/folders, leaving only the root-level manifest, metadata, icon, and acceptance/integration test files
> 3. Update -> Updates the connector's metadata and test-config, and generates a templated README

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command migrates valid connectors to the `manifest-only` format. It contains two steps:

1. Check: Validates whether a connector is a candidate for the migration. If not, the operation will be skipped.
2. Migrate: Strips out all unneccessary files/folders, leaving only the root-level manifest, metadata, icon, and acceptance/integration test files. Unwraps the manifest (references and `$parameters`) so it's compatible with Connector Builder.
```
